# Telecom Churn Predictor

#Customer churn in a telecommunication company is a key issue for an organisation/provider. We have been provided with data of postpaid customers at a telecom company which has some structured pre-recorded key metrics such as usage behaviour, contract details and payment details. The data also provides us with information on users who cancelled their service (i.e Customer Churn) 
This business report shall attempt to provide you an in-depth understanding of the features used for our analysis, followed by visualizations and the effect of these variables on each other. This will be followed by building predictive models using algorithms such as logistic regression, K-nearest neighbours and Naïve Bayes. We shall evaluate and compare these models to each other using various model performance evaluators and recommend an optimal approach to reduce or predict customer churn respectively


#The aim of this exercise is to predict, if customers using services of a telecommunication company, are likely to cancel their service in the future. The management might want to understand the key factors which lead to customer cancelling their service to improve on those problem areas. The management would also might want to target these risk assets who are about to churn and pro-actively offer them lucrative offers to stay on with the company. Application and use case of such a predictive modelling activity are many fold.  
Our findings are based on data of postpaid customers at the telecommunication company where out of 3333 entries, about 483 people opted out of the service where as 2850 decided to stay on with the current provider. 
The management may want to devise a marketing strategy for potential customers who may churn or improve their overall personal offerings and services by understanding issues that may lead to customer churn. 
